I think she's already champion is only
who played this dice rate are
discipline a lot but a lot of training these
are key elements for any
athlete and for the supporters of
bodybuilding is no different
sport has grown every year in the
state
but it is not only the sport that has grown
just a look at the muscles of this
galley boy am solvay Paulo ana carolina
and rodolfo are part of the force team
which will represent the capixabas in
July in the Brazilian Championship of
Each bodybuilder competes in one
different category but the
balanced diet workout are not easy
ana nutritionist and listening in
Miss bikini category up to one meter and
sixty with the approaching competition
your fat percentage comes almost
6%
much focus is needed on feeding
to eliminate error is from rb need 0
fat based on salt
mainly in white meat chicken
I can not leave the meat aside
red I ended up eating twice a
a lean red meat week
carbohydrates sweet potato carbohydrates
integral bread prince is the bread
mainly rice
the tapioca is being inserted chestnuts
as a source of fat but is very restricted
same
paula has marked in his skin the passion for
sport
she started in bodybuilding in 2011 from
winning several awards in the category
pet but with increased muscles
this year she will compete in the category
body fitness now fitness is one
category where it advocates a little more
of volume in the upper body
so you need to increase your shoulder
back is the thinner waist
That's what this looks like.
in v or y and open the top and
has been tuning in the bottom part
trained in physiotherapy paula got
work with training and nutrition is
previously thought for the whole day
oh my God, that's great, right?
our routine is pulled the work of
morning of late at night then the time
that I have but is of interval thus of the
Work, I'm going to the gym, I'm doing mine.
training and diet I do all my
diet at home we talk about ketchup
which our entire supply leads
No one's the time to be able to do
correctly is never dependent on
restaurant milk nothing then we already
does everything right takes the job with
one hundred and ninety-three in height
Rodolfo Raiders is one of the walking men
which represent the male wing
it is part of the category
classic bodybuilding that prioritizes
height and muscle maturity
with only 24 years he has already won
important career titles won the
state debut of bodybuilding
this year has won the bi championship and
now on the river of peace 2014 I was champion
also in bodybuilding
the physical education student says that
it takes a lot of persistence to
continue in this sport
if we are going to put no account of the act
people or an intense athlete because people
has cost we have social life has
family has everything we have to
devote much time that sometimes what
we do not give half of what we
we need to get on top
condition understood
nowadays, what is lacking most is the
private companies and even support
federal government the government of the spirit
holy that unfortunately is to have good
athletes this year and did not have a body
builders had the bag athlete understands
so we need some
more not of respect but they compensate
because the results are coming in that
before the competition the diet is
more regaled but then the championships
will healed bodies gain
rest at least on food is a
myth too big to think that we do not
eat nothing this is lie understood the
last two months really restricts
far below in caloi management for
to achieve the best percentage of fat
and a definition in the bodies
but after the championship will be more than
How natural did you see how eating athlete
a pizza at the weekend taking
leave
we have a very good diet
people eat very well from very good since
carbohydrates proteins everything but us
He is also the son of God.
people like our pizza when you have
we will go to a barbecue saw
all predetermined
bodybuilding is a sport that is
widely accepted internationally despite
of not being an Olympic sport he is
accepted in asian games games
Pan American and has grown ever
more than to talk about it better
he is vice president of
federation of state bodybuilding
fábio as it is this acceptance of
bodybuilding both nationally and
International
so our sport it has evolved is
more and more and in recent years he has
shown a very large force and being
and having a high acceptance among
bodybuilders
huh
and thank god has evolved a lot has
has been very grateful to people
can see by events in the large number
of audience that is going to honor the
championships also reveals that it is
increasing number of female followers
to the sport
women actually broke this
itabuna that they can not work with
weights because they do not get too strong
very masculinized and they are
showing glasses outlined ne
well-defined cups is with
muscular, very nice age, right?
this allows them to join
then in bodybuilding that in fact the
body worship does not mean that they
should be extremely muscular to
that there are categories
delimiting ne
the characteristics of each woman in the
case of each athlete
the Brazilian championship will take place in
sao paulo in two stages the first will
July 18 to 20 and the second
stage between the 1st and 2nd of August
are 35 categories and the spirit
will be represented by more or
at least 40 athletes
now it's cheering for one of them to swallow
this title to team the holy spirit o
training and diet dedication throughout
based mainly on trust
between parents hoping to bring in medals
Up I'm confident I'm getting ready
very
So we have to make an effort.
Even to get what we want is
very confident even with not working
is neither the result nor the best condition
I'm sure I'll go up because
I trust a lot in the coach and understood
a lot of people believe in me and my
victory is not the gain a title like that is
make me proud that I really believe